[LOGS PIPELINE] KeyValue definition fix + CategoryProcessor screenshot update (#6215)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/processing/processors.md

* The syntax of the query is the one of [Logs Explorer][5] search bar. The query can be done on any log attribute or tag, whether it is a facet or not. Wildcards can also be used inside your query.
* Once the log has matched one of the Processor queries, it stops. Make sure they are properly ordered in case a log could match several queries.
* The names of the categories must be unique.

> * Once defined the Category Processor, you could map the categories to Log Status using the [Log Status Remapper][6].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Once defined in the Category Processor, you can map categories to log status using the [Log Status Remapper][6].
```
